What's new in the docs updates since early Sept (#2165)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/latest-updates.mdx

- [Overview](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant)
- [Use Qiskit Code Assistant in JupyterLab](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-jupyterlab)
- [Use Qiskit Code Assistant in Visual Studio Code](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode)

**Content additions and improvements**

- Added content to the [Execution modes](/guides/execution-modes) documentation guides and improved explanatory content in the[Introduction to primitives](/guides/primitives) page

- Clarity around how the [Estimator primitive calculates error](/guides/primitive-input-output#how-the-estimator-calculates-error)

- A new [FAQ](../faq) page

- Improvements to the [Support](../support) page

- Some error codes now link out to relevant documentation ([example](../errors#8055))

- Information on [benchmarking and the Benchpress package](/guides#benchmarking-and-the-benchpress-package)

- The [Introduction to Qiskit](/guides#introduction-to-qiskit) page is now more navigable with the addition of a right-hand nav 

- Copyediting and typo fixes across the docs, including bugs reported by community contributors

**New API reference docs**

- [qiskit-ibm-runtime 0.29-0.31](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [qiskit-ibm-transpiler 0.7](/api/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/release-notes)

### User experience improvements

Updates to the infrastructure and design of the docs include the following:

- We fixed GitHub source code links for functions using decorators - thanks to the external contributor who opened an issue for this!

> - When you click on "Go to the latest version" in the API reference docs, you arrive at the equivalent page in the latest version - and if the page does not exist in the new version, you land on the index page. We also fixed broken links in historical api refs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When change the version in the API reference docs's left sidebar, you arrive at the equivalent page in the new version. If the page does not exist in the new version, you land on the index page.
- We fixed several broken links in historical API docs.
```

> - We improved the design and color of the warning banner for when you access outdated API pages to make it easier to realize that newer docs are available - and the banner persists as you scroll down the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We improved the design and color of the warning banner for when you access outdated API pages to make it easier to realize that newer docs are available. The banner also now persists as you scroll down the page.
```
